chore(release): update spring-boot examples (#32)
camunda/camunda-bpm-examples: spring-boot-starter/example-web/README.md

3. You can also put BPMN, CMMN and DMN files in your classpath, they will be automatically deployed and registered within a process application.

> >Note: Basic authentication is configured on Spring Boot level, this is NOT a Camunda Engine authentication. Check [this docs](https://docs.camunda.org/manual/latest/reference/rest/overview/authentication/) 

Reviewer: As mentioned above, links to docs should point to the release version (7.13).
```suggestion
>Note: Basic authentication is configured on Spring Boot level, this is NOT a Camunda Engine authentication. Check [this docs](https://docs.camunda.org/manual/7.13/reference/rest/overview/authentication/) 
```
